docs: fix ambiguity. (#724)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/tasks/src/tasks/automatic-speech-recognition/about.md

data = query("sample1.flac")
```

> You can also use [huggingface.js](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js) to transcribe text with javascript using models available on the Hugging Face Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use[huggingface.js](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js), the JavaScript client, to transcribe models with the Inference API.
```

data = query("sample1.flac")
```

> We also support libraries such as [transformers](https://huggingface.co/models?library=transformers&pipeline_tag=automatic-speech-recognition&sort=downloads), [speechbrain](https://huggingface.co/models?library=speechbrain&pipeline_tag=automatic-speech-recognition&sort=downloads), [NeMo](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=automatic-speech-recognition&library=nemo&sort=downloads) and [espnet](https://huggingface.co/models?library=espnet&pipeline_tag=automatic-speech-recognition&sort=downloads) via the Serverless Inference API.

Reviewer: The flow is still a bit weird to me. THis is how I read it:

1. There are 17k models, and you can use them using the Inference API
2. Code snippet using API (python)
3. You can use multiple libraries with the api
4. Code snippet using `transformers`
5. Code snippet using `API (javascript)

4 feels really out of place here.

Author: Updated in the latest commit! Thoughts?

Author: Noice! Resolving this as fixed.
